PRODDOCS-652: set foo bar (#8610)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/set.md

description: "Converts any iterable to a sequence of iterable and unique elements."
---

:::tip

> Not to be confused with the `{% set foo = "bar" ... %}` expression in Jinja, which defines a variable. For examples of correctly constructing SQL with `{% set %}` (and why `{{ }}` should not be nested inside quoted strings), see [Don’t nest your curlies](/best-practices/dont-nest-your-curlies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not to be confused with the `{% set foo = "bar" ... %}` expression in Jinja, which defines a variable. For examples of constructing SQL strings with `{% set %}` (and why `{{ }}` should not be nested inside quoted strings), see [Don’t nest your curlies](/best-practices/dont-nest-your-curlies).
``

:::

> The `set` context method can be used to convert any iterable to a sequence of iterable elements that are unique (a set).

Reviewer: Changing to active voice
```suggestion
You can use the `set` context method to convert any iterable to a sequence of iterable elements that are unique (a set).
```

description: "Converts any iterable to a sequence of iterable and unique elements."
---

:::tip

Not to be confused with the `{% set foo = "bar" ... %}` expression in Jinja, which defines a variable. For examples of constructing SQL strings with `{% set %}` (and why `{{ }}` should not be nested inside quoted strings), see [Don’t nest your curlies](/best-practices/dont-nest-your-curlies).

> ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
